README.md, before:

# dome.perimeter


## General Information
The dome.perimeter was developed in collaboration with Prof. Klaus Dufke in the summer term 2012.  
  
FH-Potsdam, University of Applied Science

  
**Current Version:**  
0.1.42 (stable and versioned using [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/))   
  
**Tested Platform:**  
MacOS 10.6+  
Win ???  
Linux ???  

**Processing version:**  
2.0b8  

**Dependencies**  
controlP5 v2.0.4  

**Issues and Bugs**  
You can find a list of all known bugs at [GitHub](https://github.com/wrongentertainment/dome.perimeter/issues). Please report if you find an unknown bug.  


## Development

Clone and build this Project with running:

    git clone git@github.com:WrongEntertainment/dome.perimeter.git
    cd dome.perimeter
    make export


## Changelog  
A detailed changelog, intended for programmers.  
  
0.1.42  
- Add and update test xml files.
- Add Makefile and processing.make submodule
- Small changes at save image/sequence

0.1.41a  
- Fixed XML Processing 2.0 changes
- Create git Repository  
  
  
## Author  
dome.perimeter is developed by Paul Vollmer http://wrong-entertainment.com/  
Check out for new release at https://github.com/wrongentertainment/dome.perimeter/  
  
Mail: paul.vollmer@fh-potsdam.de  
Url: http://www.wrong-entertainment.com  
Github: http://www.github.com/wrongentertainment  


## License 
dome.perimeter is released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT

Commit message:

README.md update Development script

README.md, after:

# dome.perimeter


## General Information
The dome.perimeter was developed in collaboration with Prof. Klaus Dufke in the summer term 2012.  
  
FH-Potsdam, University of Applied Science

  
**Current Version:**  
0.1.42 (stable and versioned using [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/))   
  
**Tested Platform:**  
MacOS 10.6+  
Win ???  
Linux ???  

**Processing version:**  
2.0b8  

**Dependencies**  
controlP5 v2.0.4  

**Issues and Bugs**  
You can find a list of all known bugs at [GitHub](https://github.com/wrongentertainment/dome.perimeter/issues). Please report if you find an unknown bug.  


## Development

Clone and build this Project by running:

    git clone https://github.com/WrongEntertainment/dome.perimeter.git
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    cd dome.perimeter
    make run


## Changelog  
A detailed changelog, intended for programmers.  
  
0.1.42  
- Add and update test xml files.
- Add Makefile and processing.make submodule
- Small changes at save image/sequence

0.1.41a  
- Fixed XML Processing 2.0 changes
- Create git Repository  
  
  
## Author  
dome.perimeter is developed by Paul Vollmer http://wrong-entertainment.com/  
Check out for new release at https://github.com/wrongentertainment/dome.perimeter/  
  
Mail: paul.vollmer@fh-potsdam.de  
Url: http://www.wrong-entertainment.com  
Github: http://www.github.com/wrongentertainment  


## License 
dome.perimeter is released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT
